So now with the base functionality added let's add some nice messages.
We're going to add toasts and you can always look Aptos in the official documentation tell us are nice
helpful helper messages can read more about them here in the official docs and also the API docs.
But they're super easy to use and one to show a toast if we try to add an ingredient which is empty
for example.
So where we don't enter a valid name now you create hosts we need to.
You guessed it inject a new controller the host controller.
So I'm storing this in a new property named TOSed controller and it's of type to control or this needs
to be imported from ionic or two.
So we're getting a lot of imports there from splitting this up so that it's easier to read.
So Ditto's controller.
Now it's and unstored and Ito's control of property.
Now in create new ingredient alert where I create this alert here I check if we entered a valid value
and if we didn't I want to show it.
Host So I will create a new to your by calling my toast controller and then create as always with Dell's
helper controllers.
So that's really nice you have this common pattern of using There's always and same way the properties
you configure on the Optik you pass your day will vary but the general approach of calling create and
so on is always the same.
So on this test we can set up the message property mass which of course is what we see in the stillest
and again to find a full list of all properties check the API docs.
So here we can say Please enter a valid value because clearly we didn't.
Of course you can find one just to your needs and then you can specify the duration for which you want
to show this toast.
Now you can enter any duration you want here in milliseconds.
I'm going to choose one second so thousand bully seconds and then you get all the defined where you
want to show is toast.
For example at the bottom or somewhere else bottom will be the default though so you would not need
to add this but just to show and explain this.
You can edit overvalues values would be top for example or all the values specified in the API docs
again to find out more.
So I'm going to choose the bottom position.
Now this created the toast.
As always we still need to show it and we do this by calling present.
So again the same pattern as with dialog's actions modals and so on.
So we're presenting this test if we enter an invalid value.
I also want to show it host if the Ingredion was added some don't copy this toast below my code here
where I added a new item before an array.
And here I just wanna say item added and also displayed just for one second.
At the bottom you could of course change to position and then I want to present the toast here too.
And finally one more toast let's say in the actions sheet itself.
If we delete all elements here only if Lang is greater than zero though in this case we actually deplete
some items.
So here I want to say all ingredients were deleted like this all for one second at the bottom and presented.
So if a couple of messages were added.
Now let's see them in action by saving us and recompiling the app and go to the recipes.
Here and Now let's add a new recipe.
Milk and you see the toast at the bottom for a second.
Let's also remove ingredients all ingredients were deleted.
You can of course change duration if that's too short for you.
Let's Cliggott it without any ingredients.
No toast to show now because I placed it inside the if block and if I try to add the invalid ingredient
I get Please enter a valid value.
And actually one second is pretty short.
So maybe let's bump this up to one and a half seconds by increasing two to 1500 milliseconds.
So with this toasts we're at it we're now able to add ingredients and to get some messages regarding
this.
That is a huge step.
And with that we get all we need to finally also save as such a recipe into our service if it's valid.
So let's continue with that in the next lecture.